

From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 8,1983 11:05
I'm at Tymnet today, working on the 2741 problem.  Try Tom Hill's phone
if you need to talk to me.  117-5154.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 17,1983 0:46
I will be working at Tymnet Friday (2741 problems).  In emergencies you can
reach me at Tom Hill's extension (117-5154) or have me paged.  If problems
come in from the field, I'm confident Sue or Frank can handle it for the day.
Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 17,1983 12:42
The release procedure of a Betatest version of the x-code exists
in (NETMID)RELEAB.RND


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 20,1983 7:55
Craig Stutzman is interested in taking the three of us (Dennis, Ishan, me)
to lunch today.  See (GLEE)EMS.BOX for the original OnTyme.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 22,1983 12:31
Tom Hill will be getting a NET18 X.25 tester to try out this week.  If you
want to play with it, it should be at Tymnet this Friday (maybe even 
Thursday).  I hope to have details late today (Wednesday).
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 22,1983 17:06
If you want to play with the NET18 at Tymnet, it is supposed to be in Thursday
morning.  Call Patsy Dixon (117-5111) to confirm its arrival before going
for a look.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 23,1983 16:57
The NET18 will not arrive at Tymnet until early next week.  Call Patsy
Dixon (117-5111) for confirmation.
Geoff


From: ISHANW
Date: JUNE 24,1983 9:14
I will come in late today.  Have to take my wife to see a doctor.
See you around noon.


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 24,1983 11:19
Lechie will be using hosts 913 and 914 on node 2153 slot 1.
Geoff
Lechie is unable to GFD to NETMID.  Can you change this situation?
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 24,1983 14:00
I think NETMID needs to be validated for system 37.  I would like GLEE
to be valid there also.  Should I fill out some forms, or do you have a
better way?
Geoff


From: KGIANG
Date: JUNE 24,1983 14:33
DENNIS,
KENNETH CAN'T GFD TO NETMID EITHER.
GEOFF


From: ISHANW
Date: JUNE 24,1983 14:42
Kenneth will be using host #915 in Node 2151 slot 1


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 24,1983 16:27
i WILL BE USING ALL HOSTS IN SYSTEM 900-925


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 27,1983 17:49
The file (NETMID)DIRECT.MID is a list of files in the NETMID directory.
I have deleted from this list the files I want to keep in the NETMID
directory.  Please examine this file and remove from the list any files
you would like left in the directory.  Please send MAIL to US before doing
any modification, and send MAIL again when you are done with your mods.
When the dust settles, I will review the list and use it to delete files
from the NETMID directory.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 28,1983 12:28
HP will demo their protocol analyzer today at 3 pm at Tymnet (Orchard 
Parkway) for those interested.  Frank is setting up a meeting with HP
independent of this demo, so there will probably be a second chance.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 29,1983 16:07
The Net18 is scheduled to show up at Tymnet Thursday afternoon.  They will
have it until Tuesday.  Pickup time Tuesday is not known.  Call Patsy Dixon
(117-5111) for confirmation before going over.
Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 30,1983 13:11
Mark July 7,1983 at 9:30am on your calendars
The HP Tekelec replacement will be here and demoed by HP


From: GLEE
Date: JULY 7,1983 12:02
The first preliminary draft of our new XCOM reference manual is now
available for your review.  Read it over, use it, and be sure to mark any
comments, errors, difficulties, etc., you encounter.  These will evenually
be called in to incorporate the corrections for the next draft.  Let me know
if you have any questions.  
  These documents are NOT to be given to customers for the reason that the
manual is expected to be filled with errors.  Documentation will take care
of providing customers with official release documentation.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JULY 7,1983 16:06
If you want to read the Tekelec Chameleon manual before it shows up for a
trial run, I have the full manual in my office.  Lechie has an abridged
version.  They are both available for borrowing.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JULY 20,1983 14:12
The Chameleon is expected to show up around August 5.  We will probably also get
a demo.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JULY 20,1983 15:44
Kate Howells and I will be around to gather your preliminary X reference
manual on Monday.  Please continue to make comments in your copy so that
the manual can be refined.  Thanks.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JULY 20,1983 18:17
There will be a demo of the Encore 200 at Tymnet next Wednesday, July
27, at 9:30.  Contact at Tymnet is Patsy Dixon.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JULY 20,1983 18:19
I'm interested in reproducing the problem you experienced with the TNICNT.
Please let me know how you created the problem and what the symptoms were.
Thanks.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JULY 22,1983 17:52
Dennis Jonas is investigating getting the Technology Transfer Institute's
X.25 seminar (Karp/Weir) in-house instead of sending people to Boston.
TTI wants $10500 for 20 people, which is at least 1/4 the cost per person
of sending people to Boston.  What do you think?
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JULY 25,1983 9:20


From: GLEE
Date: JULY 27,1983 10:59
Encore will make their second (and last) attempt at giving a demo of their
200 model this Friday at 10:30 am at Tymnet.  Give Patsy Dixon a call if you
need confirmation.  Her number is 117-5111 (or 942-5111 from outside).
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: AUGUST 2,1983 8:38
The Tekelec Chameleon is expected in for a demo this Friday afternoon.  We
should have it to play with for most of the next week.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: AUGUST 3,1983 17:08
I am investigating a problem I have captured in the X gateway (Bubbnet node
2151 slot 5 and Tymnet node 2154 slot 1).
  Please do not destroy or restart these slots.
    Thank you.

Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: AUGUST 11,1983 9:30
AM WORKING AT HOME
WIFE TOOK CAR KEYS BY MISTAKE
AS SOON AS SHE DROPS THEM OFF ILL BE HEADING IN


From: KOTULAK
Date: AUGUST 11,1983 9:35
WHATS THE CALL TO DO STANDALONE SLOT LOAD??
ISN'T IT R(ISIS)LOADII
i TRIED IT AND I GET ERRORS FROM THE PROCESSOR


From: KOTULAK
Date: AUGUST 11,1983 11:12
APPEARS THAT IF LICENSE UNSET ON A DIALUP
CONNECTION LOADII ERRORS
I WILL INVESTIGATE


From: GLEE
Date: AUGUST 24,1983 18:27
Please see (NETMID)CM.BOX, OnTyme A74696 for an update on network console's handling of the XOM.
Geof


From: GLEE
Date: AUGUST 26,1983 10:43
Please read OnTyme A74696 in (NETMID)CM.BOX to see how Network Console will
handle XOMs reporting the old product id of 33.  The XOM now has its own
product id of 5F, separate from the XCOM's 33.
Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: AUGUST 31,1983 8:40
If Ontyme is not out please read (KOTULAK)MEMO.MEM
I will be in at 10:30 toi discuss further


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 5,1983 10:22
NEED TO BE VALIDATED ON 777 HERE IN EUROPE, A GATEWAY

THANKS

THINGA ARE FAIR TO GOOD AT MOMENT


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 12,1983 8:46
PLEASE READ MEMO.MEM


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 13,1983 8:44
WILL BE CALIN RUDE IN10MIN.
COMING HOME.
SEE ONTYMES.


From: GLEE
Date: SEPTEMBER 15,1983 12:13
The NET18 manual is available for review in my office.  We should be able to 
get a demo in a couple of weeks.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: SEPTEMBER 15,1983 12:37
Network Console no longer needs the XCOM parameter to access the XOM.
Geoff


From: ISHANW
Date: SEPTEMBER 19,1983 12:04


From: DERNST
Date: SEPTEMBER 21,1983 12:06
THERE WILL BE A DEPARTMENT MEETING TOMORROW, SEPT. 22, AT 1 PM
IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM.  

DENNIS
THERE WILL BE A DEPARTMENT MEETING TOMORROW, SEPT. 22, AT 1 PM
IN THE CONFERENCE ROOM.  

DENNIS


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 23,1983 10:18
I WILL BE USING THE TEKEELEC ALL DAY.

ALL OBJECTIONS ARE IRRELEVANT.

SIGNED
FRANK (SLAMMER) KOTULAK


From: ISHANW
Date: SEPTEMBER 26,1983 11:52
KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF (NETMID)*.#32.  NEW RELEASE WILL BE CREATED SOON.


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 28,1983 21:06
tur.doc has been changed to reflect TURKEY level 2 PVC messages
theses are not supported and is only for future reference
if the field support people should ask.
Frank


From: DERNST
Date: SEPTEMBER 28,1983 21:20
LOOKS LIKE MIDBAK HAS BEEN CREATED.  POSSIBLY IN THE
WRONG GAN SO YOU HAVE TO ENABLE AND GFD TO IT TO US THE FILE
SPACE.
DENNIS


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 5,1983 15:01
The new Tekelec is being shipped from LA on Friday
It should arrive here by Monday or Tuesday.


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 10,1983 10:47
I will be WAH today in case anyone needs to know
Over and Out


From: DERNST
Date: OCTOBER 10,1983 15:16
HI, IN CASE NOBODY HAS NOTICED, I AM GONE,
AND WILL BE FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK

DENNIS
HI, IN CASE NOBODY HAS NOTICED, I AM GONE,
AND WILL BE FOR THE REST OF THE WEEK

DENNIS


From: SUECHAO
Date: OCTOBER 11,1983 11:25
A listing file of version 2.2 now is available in (midbak:39)xcom32.lst.
It will be deleted on 10/21/83.


From: GLEE
Date: OCTOBER 11,1983 21:38
I may be a little late getting in, but I should be in Wednesday sometime.
Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 17,1983 18:34
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

A DOCUMENT DEWCRIBING THE SOON TO BE AVAILABLE PVC FEATURE IS
AVAILABLE FOR PERUSAL IN NETMID AS PVC.DOC.

FRANKIE


From: GLEE
Date: OCTOBER 18,1983 10:04
NET/18 demo tommorrow at (tentatively) 10 a.m.  Further details when available.
Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 18,1983 14:18
when you get a chance, could you provide me with the DIF information

Thanks.


From: SUECHAO
Date: OCTOBER 19,1983 12:02
My count time so far is in (suechao:39)cnt.rep.
I think i still owe you 3 to 4 days.
Sue


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 19,1983 16:52
sometime between now and friday I will be splitting the f33
source element MI into MI and BK in preparation for the PVC
feature merge. I will also change all NETMID canned
assembly routines to reflect this element addition.

I will let you know when the changes take place, but be aware
that you are responsible for changes to your own assembly routines.

Thankyou and goodnight

Frankie


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 20,1983 11:25
SEMBLY. i LEAVE IT TO ONE OF YOU BRAVE SOULS
TO TEST IT FOR PROPER EXECUTION !!!


From: GLEE
Date: OCTOBER 20,1983 14:21
Is it no longer necessary to wait for DDT to respond during slot loads
with (NETMID)XCOM2.LS?  I noticed the control-Vs seem to have been removed
from that file.


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 20,1983 16:32
I am going to begin modifcations to f33 code to incorporate the PVC feature
if there are any assembly problems or unexplained execution problems let
me know.

Frankie


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 27,1983 8:53
doctors appt. at 10:30, won't be in till noon


From: GLEE
Date: OCTOBER 28,1983 8:49
What's the latest on ACM's course on Software Maintenance?
Both Frank and I were wondering.


From: GLEE
Date: OCTOBER 28,1983 8:50
Are you interested in sending me to COMDEX/Fall (Nov 28-Dec 2)?  If so, I can
ask for information.


From: GLEE
Date: OCTOBER 31,1983 9:56
any word on the ACM class on software maintenance?
As long as I'm at it, I was promised a chance at a class on structured design
and programming given by Integrated Computer Systems, but I never had a shot
at it (It was Dave Montagna that made the promise.).  It turns out that ICS
 is giving the class in Sunnyvale in a couple of weeks (Nov. 15-18) for
$895.  
  Is there a chance I could take advantage of it at this time?


From: LOIS
Date: NOVEMBER 3,1983 12:40
Dennis:
Something (could it be the new code I loaded from new11?) is preventing any
aux circuits to or from 930, and also anyone logging on to any hosts on
nexnet from the outside world.  Shall I reload 552 from another file?  Any
suggestions?
-Lois


From: ISHANW
Date: NOVEMBER 8,1983 10:38


From: LOIS
Date: NOVEMBER 9,1983 10:30
Dennis:
I loaded the 552 code from new11 and we are again at the same state as
before - no one can reach 118 or 930 from the network, we can get out,
but no one can build aux circuits in or out.  I will leave it up for a
while so you can look at it.  Please let me know when to reload 552 as
this does make it difficult to work.
-Lois


From: LOIS
Date: NOVEMBER 9,1983 14:51
Dennis:
The NEW!! code still would not permit access from the network, so I fell
back to the CURR11 code.  Let me know when you want to do more checking.
-Lois


From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 11,1983 11:03
will be using bb2152.slot3 and bb2153.slot1 for testing


From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 11,1983 11:10
correction will be using bb2152.slot3 ansd bb2153.slot2


From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 15,1983 17:03
there have been significant code changes to f33 because of PVCs
if you desire a more up to date listing of f33 code then
spool (MIDBAK)XCOM33.LST


From: ISHANW
Date: NOVEMBER 18,1983 9:59
To      : Frank Kotulak
From    : Ishan Wu
Subject : Window and packet sizes in XCOM PVC

cc      : Dennis Ernst

------------------------------------------------------------------------


Frank:

On a recent re-read of the CCITT Recommendations, I realized that there was
a design flaw in the XCOM PVC implementation.  The packet and window
sizes should only have local significance and therefore shouldn't be
passed end-to-end and verified.  This means one of the turkey message defined 
for PVC need to be shortened and some code taken out.

I'd also suggest that you test the PVC feature with above parameters
specified for each end of the circuit in addition to taking the default
values.



From: KGIANG
Date: NOVEMBER 18,1983 17:07
working on line editing (change to a better deleting format)
in order to do this , it is necessary to take care of:
   1-space expansion if TAB is hit
   2-keep track of number of space expanded.
   3-bump cursor back after making the deletion.
 the first two tasks are done.

From: ISHANW
Date: NOVEMBER 21,1983 10:26
ed SIO hardware be examined by Field Support.

Continue to develope PAD software - implemented profile definition macros
  so that terminal profiles can be customized in tymfiles.  Implemented 
  PROF? command so that the name of the available profiles can be 
  displayed.

Assisted Lechie in debugging the XCOM dialect data packet fragmentation
  problem.  It appears that two bugs existed: one for normal data, one for 
  Q-packets.

From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 29,1983 15:17
I will be making a Betarelease of x-code for the PVC feature from
NETMID's F33 source modules.

If there is any reason I shouldn't because of patch code being or
not being in the source modules, or if there is a high probability
of instability in the code due to the addition of code. Please
discuss this with me. 

I will probably make the source cut on Thursday from the f33 modules.

Thankyou


From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 30,1983 16:10
WILL BE CREATING BETA SOURCE FILES FROM F33 TOMORROW AFTERNOON
FOR PVC

From: KOTULAK
Date: DECEMBER 1,1983 10:13
I will be copying thwe source in netmid for the pvc betatest release NOW


From: ISHANW
Date: DECEMBER 5,1983 10:50
by a recent change in
  their I/O package.

Investigated the half-duplex terminal problem on UCC independent network
  alleged to be caused by V2.1 of XCOM.  The investigation indicated that
  the host connected to V1.15 and the host connected to V2.01 performed
  different operations in setting up the initial terminal parameters.

VG2 Micronet support.

From: GLEE
Date: DECEMBER 5,1983 17:08
I will be releasing the NETMID patch files to SOURCE soon.  Please let me know
if any of the 3 files contains a patch you do not wish to be released at this
time.


From: GLEE
Date: DECEMBER 6,1983 9:19
I have ASC140-20PP1/2 and ASC140-20PP05 in my office if you need them.


From: KOTULAK
Date: DECEMBER 7,1983 11:24
Dennis,

I REALLY need to get together with you ASAP to discuss what were going to
do regarding prefixes. Also, I do believe a meeting of the group to
discuss what it is everyone is responsible for and when, plus some
sort of schedule of priorities is needed badly, at least as far as
I'm concerned.



From: ACRIGNIS
Date: DECEMBER 7,1983 15:12
Dennis,
I need urgently to talk to you. Ssince I am at home now and I don't
want to spend to much money on my personal phone bill, could ayou
please call me in france (aParis) 331 677 79 99
Aalex. Please let me know via send or talk on this system
whe you are ready
thanks
Alex


From: DERNST
Date: DECEMBER 7,1983 15:43
ALEX, IF THIS IS ABOUT PREFIX HANDLING, WE ARE GOING TO HAVE 
A MEETING DURING THE  NEXT HOUR TO DECIDE WHAT TO DO. I WILL
CALL WHEN WE ARE DONE.
DENNIS


From: ACRIGNIS
Date: DECEMBER 7,1983 15:42
I will go to sleep now, since my aflight is at 7.30 i.e. in 6 hours
and a half. I still don't know what to tell the customer (DUPONT) concerning
the prefix handling from privat networks to public national RPOA's.
cold youpplease give me a schedule in this matter on this system or
via ONTYME, whih i qill check befor leaving home? Thanks for your
efforts, but we are in a real mess around here with this customer.
(don't forget it's the 6 biggest company in the world wwho want
toby certainly the largest private network currently existing.
Alexx
(ONTYME TNS.ACRIGNIS)
Bye


From: ACRIGNIS
Date: DECEMBER 7,1983 15:48
Jjust leave a message. I have only 4 hours sleep befor taae off.
thanks
bye


From: DERNST
Date: DECEMBER 7,1983 18:08
ALEX, WE HAVE JUST HAD A LONG SESSION DISCUSSING PRIVATE NETWORK ACCESS
WE HAVE IDENTIFIED THE AREAS WHICH REQUIRE CHANGES.
AT THE MOMENT, IT DOES NOT SEEM LIKE A DIFFICULT TASK.   I AM
RELUCTANT TO COMMIT TO A FIRM SCHEDULE BECAUSE
WE HAVE NOT LOOKED INTO THE NECESSARY CODE CHANGES.  IT LOOKS
LIKE THE CHANGES WILL BE RESTRICTED TO ADDING/REMOVING THE
PREFIX DIGIT AND ADDING/REMOVING THE DNIC AT THE GATEWAY
X.25 INTERFACE.  WE HAVE ALLOWEDMULTIPLE GATEWAYS IN OUR
DESIGN.  MORE DETAILS WILL BE AVAILABLE TOMMOROW.


From: ACRIGNIS
Date: DECEMBER 7,1983 21:34
thanks for your Ontyme. Rremark i know most of what we allow
or not. But especially the multiple gateways from private networks to
public networks are not a solution, since very often the paublic netwroks
would not easily allow a lot of X.25 connection from 1 user due to
restr

From: LOIS
Date: DECEMBER 8,1983 8:08
Dennis:
Thanks for the new code for slot 3 in 2033.  We now can "hangup" from
the VAX again.
-Lois


From: GLEE
Date: DECEMBER 8,1983 9:39
Please read (NETMID)PROBLM.DOC and let me know if you have any corrections, additions, deletions, or
comments to be made about the information in the file.  

I need any comments by today.

Thanks.
Geoff


From: KGIANG
Date: DECEMBER 9,1983 17:46
for parameter5 and 12, but they haven't been done.

From: ACRIGNIS
Date: DECEMBER 12,1983 10:31
I am going to GENEVA tomorrow. Do you have any schedule for me concerning
the implementation of the prefix handling from private networks to
RPOA's.?
Please give me an answer today, even if it's 6 month but an answer to
give to the customer.
Thanks
Alex


From: DERNST
Date: DECEMBER 12,1983 11:59
ALEX,
I THINK 2ND QUARTER RELEASE (4 MONTHS) IS RESONABLE, IF WE HAVE
COVERED ALL POSSIBLE SITUATIONS IN OUR ANALYSIS OF
THE PROBLEM.  THERE IS THE POSSIBLITY OF SLIPPAGE IF SOME
NEW REQUIREMENT IS ADDED LATER.

DENNIS


From: ACRIGNIS
Date: DECEMBER 12,1983 15:51
Thanks for your answer. I will communicate this tomorrow to the customer.
In fact I have looked at the code, and the PREFIX handling
as implemented in Spain(CTNE) (NNT option) is exactly the reverse of
what we need. Call accepconnected packets can be
handled in using the (BRFCA) statement as we do for spain since
those are not handled correctly for the moment.
Still it should not be a major problem to implement this at least
what concerns call request (incoming call packets).
Don't forget, that on outgoing async calls (Privat Net to RPOA) the
user must be able to enter 15 diaigits and we have to acccept 15 digits
in the call connected packet received. But this is easy to modify
i have tried that and it's working with a few patches.
bye
Aalex


From: SUECHAO
Date: DECEMBER 14,1983 15:16
Freeze on fieldtest xcom##.#33 files due to upcoming release.


From: GLEE
Date: DECEMBER 15,1983 11:16
did you say you were drafting a reply to Craig Stutzman's OnTyme about
Hong Kong Shanghai Bank?


From: GLEE
Date: DECEMBER 20,1983 16:21
Tom Hill has been nice enough to try rewriting the reference manual's
description of HOSTSCOST.  Please read it and make a copy if you have comments
or changes.  Please turn these changes in to me soon.  He realizes that his
description will have to change if maxsteps is removed from the macro.

Thanks for your help.


From: GLEE
Date: DECEMBER 20,1983 16:24
The rewrite is in (NETMID)HSTCST.DOC.


From: DERNST
Date: DECEMBER 21,1983 10:21
THERE WILL BE A UNIT MEETING THIS AFTERNOON AT 3PM TO DISCUSS
SCHEDULES, PROJECTS, ETC. FOR THE NEXT 6 MONTHS.  PLEASE
LET ME KNOW IF YOU WILL BE UNABLE TO ATTEND.
THERE WILL BE A UNIT MEETING THIS AFTERNOON AT 3PM TO DISCUSS
SCHEDULES, PROJECTS, ETC. FOR THE NEXT 6 MONTHS.  PLEASE
LET ME KNOW IF YOU WILL BE UNABLE TO ATTEND.


From: KOTULAK
Date: DECEMBER 23,1983 16:15
A file (NETMID)PVCINT.DOC exists which contains a technical description
of the PVC code imbedded in the xcom. Please include this filename in
the appropriate X, Y or Z files for the 2.04 release.

Frankie


From: GLEE
Date: DECEMBER 29,1983 14:31
If you make changes or additions to the D file, please end the item with your
initials and date of addition or change.  This will help when updating the
manuals.

Thank you.


From: KGIANG
Date: DECEMBER 30,1983 13:25
de.

From: GLEE
Date: JANUARY 3,1984 7:19
To whomever reads this first:

Please tell Beth I will not be in today.  I will be going to the doctor,
after which I might as well work at home.

Thanks, and Happy New Year.

Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JANUARY 3,1984 7:26
My mistake: make that "whoever", not "whomever" (subject of clause).

Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 4,1984 15:41
Word for 1-3-84:
misoneism
hatred or dislike of what is new; opposition to change
example
Misoneism sometimes strikes an entire office when a new version of XCOM is
released.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 4,1984 15:44
Word for 1-4-84:
approbation
favorable opinion; approval. the act of formally and authoritatively
approving; sanction.
example
Lechie Lin was glad to receive the approbation of his peers.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 5,1984 11:14
Word for 1-5-84:
expiate
to pay the penalty for; atone for
example
Ishan expiated his debts by paying back twice as much as he owed.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 6,1984 10:58
NOTICE:
 PRETENDERS TO THE WORD FOR THE DAY AUTHORSHIP, WILL BE SHOT ON SITE

Word for Today
insouciant (in sue sea ant)
adjective. free from care or anxiety; carefree.
example
"Ah, for the insouciant days of bachelorhood..." so says Lee,Ernst,Wu,Kotulak


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 6,1984 11:05
Sntence of the week:
We expiate of insouciance when we are misoneistic and we will receive little
approbation from those with which we work.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 9,1984 11:26
Word-for-the-Day
appurtenance
an addition to something more important; accessory
example
Ishan is an appurtenance to the rest of the NETMID group.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 10,1984 10:11
Word-of-the-day
KISMET: destiny, fate
Example: Frank, why don't you just kismet my ass.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 10,1984 10:56
Word-of-the-da:
kismet (kiz met)
example
It is the kismet of all programmers to die programmers.


From: ISHANW
Date: JANUARY 10,1984 21:58
(ISHANW)MLPGED is ready, sort of, for review.  Have a good time.


From: ISHANW
Date: JANUARY 10,1984 22:00
Correction.  It should have been (ISHANW)MLPGED.DOC.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 11,1984 15:06
Word-for-the-Day:
desultory (des el tore ee)
jumping from one thing to another; without aim or method; unconnected
example
XCOM code is desultoric.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 16,1984 11:06
Words-for-the-Day
comport and execrate (eck ze crate)
to conduct oneself in a certain manner;behave
to feel intense loathing for; abhor; detest
example
Because IBM employees must comport to IBM's dictates, I execrate IBM.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 16,1984 11:16
Words-for-the-Chinese-Impaired
lay over
to temporarily stay in one place; temporary visit
example
I had a "lay over" in Chicago on my way to New York from San Francisco.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 17,1984 11:47
Word-for-the-Chinese Impaired
bites-the-dust
to die; to no longer be of concern; quits
example
Ron Braniff bit the dust at Tymshare today.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 17,1984 11:50
Words for the day:
indigent (in di jent) and itinerant (i tin err ent)
lacking the necessities of life; poor or needy
traveling from place to place, especially in connection with a job
example
Most migrant workers are both itinerant and indigent. Some people, such as
Denis, are itinerant but are definitely not indigent.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 18,1984 17:56
the prefix spec is ready, I put a copy on your desk and the spec is in
(KOTULAK)PREFIX.DOC
I will create a cover letter for your approval and sending by tomorrow

I will begin with DEAR A-HOLES at TNSC

Frankie


From: GLEE
Date: JANUARY 19,1984 12:56
I am about to release patch files for 2.01, 2.02, and 2.04.  Please let me
know by today if you have patches in the NETMID patch files that should not be
released.

Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 19,1984 15:21
Words of the Day:
eremite (err a mite) and assuage (ah swage)
a hermit, especially a religious one
to calm or soothe; make less tense
examples
Many erimites' work at NTD.
I did all I could to assuage TNSC's fears.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 19,1984 15:27
correction
Many eremites work at NTD.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 19,1984 15:28
Word of the day for the Chinese impaired:
over your head
out of your ballpark; beyond your limit to comprehend or to do
XCOM is over the head of Lechie and Sue.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 19,1984 15:38
When the Foo bird flies over your head, keep your mouth shut.


From: ISHANW
Date: JANUARY 19,1984 15:51
The gig is up !!! Foo bird, plans for your demise are under way


From: ISHANW
Date: JANUARY 20,1984 11:09
Another example of "over one's head"

Nothing much is over Fank's head.


From: ISHANW
Date: JANUARY 20,1984 11:11
Correction.

Nothing much is over Frank's head.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 20,1984 11:22
Word for the day:
iatrogenic (eye at row gen ick)
(of a symptom or disease) induced by worry over a physicians diagnosis.
example
Geoff's iatrogenic symptoms were worse than his disease of shortsightedness.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 20,1984 14:43
your memo to TNSC regarding Prefixes has been formulated,
look at (KOTULAK:39)MEMO.MEM.

I will discuss with you on monday.



From: KOTULAK
Date: JANUARY 27,1984 10:25
could you get me a bulletin board, or tell me how to order one.

I like bulletin boards.


From: DERNST
Date: JANUARY 27,1984 16:54
FRANK, GAI HAS THE REDWOOD STATIONERS CATALOG.  FILL OUT
A REQ AND I WILL SIGN IT. 

DENNIS


From: KOTULAK
Date: FEBRUARY 2,1984 17:02
Word-for-jan 23 and 24 and 25
ascerbity (a sair bi tea)
ensorcell (n sore sell)
fractious (frack shuus)
sharpness of taste; bitterness. harshness of manner or tone
bewitch; enchant
easily made angry. hard to manage; unruly.
examples
TNSC was ensorcelled by the ascerbity of my wit, which at times is fractious.


From: ISHANW
Date: FEBRUARY 7,1984 16:47
RECENTLY, I CAME ACROSS A DOCUMENT PREPARED BY B. J. CHANG WHICH HAD
SOME VERY CONCISE DESCRIPTION OF NETWORK ADDRESSING ON TYMNET.
I HAVE MOVED A COPY OF IT TO (NETMID:39).
TAKE A LOOK IF YOU ARE INTERESTED. FILE NAME : NETADR.DOC.


From: GLEE
Date: FEBRUARY 8,1984 9:43
I will be working at home today.


From: KOTULAK
Date: FEBRUARY 16,1984 13:46
WORDS-FOR THE WISE:
duplicitous (dew plis' eh tus)
deceitful; treacherous
bailiwick (bay' lee wick)
persons field of knowledge work or authority
circadian (sir kay' dee en)
of a biological or behavioral process that recurs in an innate daily rhythm
examples:
Some Frenchmen are duplicitous.
The world was his bailiwick!!
I have circadian work habits.


From: KOTULAK
Date: FEBRUARY 17,1984 8:55
Well,   its 9am .

Where the hell are all the "early birds" I hear about !!!!

Lecjie, Sue and Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: FEBRUARY 21,1984 8:24
Have dentist appt. at 9am, will be in immediately afterward.


From: DERNST
Date: FEBRUARY 22,1984 15:33
THERE WILL BE A DEPARTMENT MEETING TOMORROW AFTERNOON(THURSDAY) AT
2PM. BE PREPARED TO GIVE A SUMMARY OF YOUR ACTIVITIES TO THE
GROUP.

DENNIS
THERE WILL BE A DEPARTMENT MEETING TOMORROW AFTERNOON(THURSDAY) AT
2PM. BE PREPARED TO GIVE A SUMMARY OF YOUR ACTIVITIES TO THE
GROUP.

DENNIS


From: ISHANW
Date: MARCH 1,1984 18:23
I will begin to prepare an XCOM beta release in my directory tomorrow
March 2nd, Friday.  Let me know if you have any objection (such as
known, serious bugs in F34 that should be fixed).

Ishan 


From: ISHANW
Date: MARCH 7,1984 15:22
There will be another binding of F34 files over this weekend for betatest
release.  If you have some code that are ready to be added to F34 files,
please do it before then.

Thanks.


From: DERNST
Date: MARCH 8,1984 12:40
FINSIHED WITH RT AND RM
FINSIHED WITH RT AND RM


From: GLEE
Date: MARCH 8,1984 16:44
I changed the HIHOSTNUMBER default from 4000 to 6000.  If you object, let me
know and I will change it back.


From: GLEE
Date: MARCH 8,1984 17:31
I am proposing that the default for HIHOSTNUMBER be 99999, thereby making all
default addressing the new addressing.  Anyone that wants old addressing
will have to specify HIHOSTNUMBER; anyone satisfied with new addressing will
not have to do anything.

Ishan and I will talk about this tomorrow (Friday).

Geoff


From: ISHANW
Date: MARCH 12,1984 8:41
Begin copying F34 files from NETMID to MIDBAK for betatest release.
Keep your hands off for a moment.


From: ISHANW
Date: MARCH 12,1984 8:52
F34 files copy completed.


From: DERNST
Date: MARCH 15,1984 11:13
THERE WILL BE A DEPARTMENT MEETING THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30.  FRANK
WILL DISCUSS THE INTERFACE SHOW AND WE WILL TALK ABOUT THE OTHER USUAL
STUFF.

DENNIS


From: DERNST
Date: MARCH 15,1984 11:15
CAHNGE THE MEETING TIME TO 10AM TOMORROW.  DENNIS


From: DERNST
Date: MARCH 15,1984 11:13
THERE WILL BE A DEPARTMENT MEETING THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:30.  FRANK
WILL DISCUSS THE INTERFACE SHOW AND WE WILL TALK ABOUT THE OTHER USUAL
STUFF.

DENNIS


From: DERNST
Date: MARCH 15,1984 11:15
CAHNGE THE MEETING TIME TO 10AM TOMORROW.  DENNIS


From: GLEE
Date: MARCH 15,1984 16:58
Who's bringing the donuts to the meeting?
Geoff


From: SUECHAO
Date: MARCH 19,1984 9:44


From: KOTULAK
Date: MARCH 22,1984 11:53
when are we having that meeting ???

I will be going to doctor at 3pm, today.


From: KOTULAK
Date: MARCH 22,1984 11:55
Dennis Jonas has asked that we remove any unnecessary files from MIDBAK
(ie. old list files) to save file space. Please do so for those files that
you are responsible for or are aware of.


From: GLEE
Date: MARCH 23,1984 13:04
Tekelec has sent us a new set of software for the Chameleon,n updated manual, and a set
of cassette tapes for first time users of the Chameleon.
The tapes are in my office.
Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: MARCH 23,1984 13:35
YESTERDAYS, DISCUSSION OF A PRESENTATION WAS TO SAY THE LEAST - UNPRODUCTIVE

A 2:30 meeting has been scheduled to discuss this once again. After talking
to T. Hill this a.m., I've attempted to put together a "first cut", rough
draft, temporary outline, from which I hope a meaningful discussion can
ensue.

I've placed a copy of the draft on everyones desk. It can also be found
in (KOTULAK)PRESEN


From: GLEE
Date: MARCH 29,1984 17:29
Please examine (NETMID)PROBLM.DOC and let me know if any of the information
should be changed.
Thanks.
Geoff


From: ISHANW
Date: MARCH 29,1984 23:17
OK, guys.  It's all done.  Make sure to reference F35 files from now on.
Contents of the files were not changed.


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 3,1984 23:43
Dennis,
  The tickets say 8:00PM, so it would be best to plan on arriving
as close as possible to 7:30PM friday night.  You owe me $10.25 for
each ticket (3) minus whatever you've already given me.  /Carl

No hurry for the money, but just in case you want to get it from
Pam and Peggy, that's what we ended up with.  There weren't any $15
seats left when everyone finally gave the money to get the tickets,
so he got us all $10 seats.


From: ISHANW
Date: APRIL 5,1984 12:41
I generated a listing XCOM35.LST from the latest code (as of 3-April).
Spool one if you like.  It is in MIDBAK and will be deleted next Monday.


From: DERNST
Date: APRIL 13,1984 11:10
THERE WILL BE A UNIT MEETING THIS AFTERNOON AT 1.  

DENNIS
THERE WILL BE A UNIT MEETING THIS AFTERNOON AT 1.  

DENNIS


From: ISHANW
Date: APRIL 16,1984 9:47
XCOM34.LST HAS BEEN GENERATED IN (MIDBAK:39).
THIS IS THE VERSION THAT IS CURRENTLY BEING BETA TESTED.
SPOOL ONE IF YOU LIKE.


From: GLEE
Date: APRIL 19,1984 16:01
I believe I returned the NBS test document to you.  I have copies of the
action tables only.
Geoff


From: CARL
Date: APRIL 22,1984 14:20
Dennis,
  Do you know who I could check with, (telephone #, or file) to look-up
any TYMNET access numbers for the Walnut Creek area???

/Carl


From: DERNST
Date: APRIL 23,1984 18:53
TO FIND OUT ALL KINDS OF WONDERFUL STUFF, INCLUDING WALNUT CREEKS #,
TYPE "INFORMATION" TO THE PLEASE LOGIN:   
GOOD LUCK
DENNIS


From: OASYS
Date: MAY 7,1984 14:32
ATTN DENNIS:
LATEST UNODE CODE INSTALLED AT CECOM HAS BEEN VERIFIED TO PROVIDE
FLOW CONTROL FOR TERMINALS, BUT THE FLOW CONTROL FOR PC'S LOADING DATA
INTO THE 26 HAS NOT BEEN VERIFIED.
THERE HAS SURFACED A PROBLEM WITH THIS NEW CODE HOWEVER. IT
SEEMS THAT THE TERMINAL ACTS LIKE HALF-DUPLEX MODE AFTER THE CONNECTION
TO THE UNODE VIA DIALUP (OR OTHERWISE)HAS BEEN MADE.
WHAT IT IS DOING IS PROVIDING A MASK FOR THE PSWD BUT  THEN IT IS ALLOWING THE
PASSWORD TO BE DISPLAYED ON THE SCREEN, A DEFINITE NO=
NO-NO!!..
I HAVE BACKED OUT OF THE LATEST CODE AND WE ARE RUNNING W/O FLOW CONTROL.
WE MUST IMPROVE OUR (YOUR) IMAGE IN OUR SUPPORT OF CECOM. THIS IS BEGINNING
TO BECOME EMBARRASSING.
PLS (IF YOU SEE THIS IN TIME) TAKE CORRECTIVE ACTION.
THANKS, JAVIER


From: GLEE
Date: MAY 10,1984 9:52
There will be a meeting for everyone in Mike Rude's department at 2 pm in the
classroom.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: MAY 10,1984 11:09
Make that Bldg H, back parking lot.
Geoff


From: LECHIE
Date: MAY 16,1984 15:01
CHANGE HAS BEEN MADE ON RESOURCES ASSIGNMENT (MAINLY NODE 2152), PLEASE REFER
TO ASSIGN.

From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 16,1984 17:55
altered ASSIGN, only usage information not slot designations


From: LOIS
Date: MAY 22,1984 11:41
Dennis:
Could you please look at what node 421 is doing?  When you try to log into
897 you just hang at the password stage until you time out.  This happened
once before, and since they want to put internal users on it it would be good
to figure out what is causes this strange situation.

I would appreciate an answer as soon as possible.
-Lois


From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 22,1984 16:19
I will shortly begin the preparation and completion of a Betarelease 2.06
if anyone has reason for not doing it at this time, please let me know
IMMEDIATELY.

Thankyou


From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 22,1984 16:21
I will be moving the f35source over to midbak ASAP


From: DERNST
Date: MAY 22,1984 16:27
FRANK, I HAVE A NEW XCOMFG TO PUT IN , IS IT TOO LATE?
DENNIS


From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 22,1984 16:29
If you can quarantee that it won't affect any other source modules.
,then go ahead. However, I've extensively modiified and successfully
tested the existing modules. 

Please reply!!


From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 22,1984 16:33
Note: I can only wait till tonight, not tomorrow for your changes. I'm 
already 2 days behind and I plan on freezing the code this evening at home.


From: DERNST
Date: MAY 22,1984 17:19
FRANK, I WILL MAKE 1 MORE TEST ASSEMBLY AGAINST (NETMID) AND
THEN PUT IT IN. I HAVE BEEN DOING THIS AS YOU PUT IN YOUR
CHANGES.  I THINK IT WILL GO IN FINE.
DENNIS


From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 23,1984 13:33
CORRECTION THEIR ARE A NUMBER OF F35 FILES IN MIDBAK. IVE CHANGED THEM ALL TO Z35.


From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 23,1984 14:22
ALL F35 FILES HAVE BEEN FROZEN IN MIDBAK FOR BETARELEASE 2.06
PLEASE MAKE SURE THAT NO FILES WITH EXTENSIONS
F35 OR L35 ARE COPIED INTO MIDBAK

THANKYOU


From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 25,1984 8:23
Betarelease 2.06 is ready for final review and distribution

For Ishan and Geoff,

All files in (KOTULAK)*.#06. Please review and let me know when I
can send memo to Lubina.


From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 25,1984 17:22
Im about to change all f35 extensions to f36 in Netmid plus change 
the command and assembly and tym files.

If there are any objections speak now or forever hold your peace.


From: KOTULAK
Date: MAY 25,1984 18:13
aLL F35 files have been convereted to F36 files in NETMID

please change all personal files to account for this!!


From: OASYS
Date: JUNE 1,1984 1:47
DENNIS

From: OASYS
Date: JUNE 1,1984 1:50
PLS TO TELL WHERE SV167.IMG  IS,..JAVIER



From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 6,1984 10:47
To Whom It May Concern:

Betarelease files are now ready once again for final review.

files x,y,z,h,d have been updated appropriately
also a final Prefix document has been added to Netmid which
contains both external and internal description and flow and 
variable names related to the prefix feature.

Ishan,

Coming in now, once your problems are corrected we can release
the beta. In meantime will investigate Compuserve and the other??
feature we talked about.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 7,1984 14:19
please let me know when the changes have been made to f35 modules in 
midbak.


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 12,1984 22:13


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 12,1984 22:34
Dennis and Ishan:
I was looking at some of the host cost code, and noticed a discrepancy.
Most of the code uses the arrays CSC.HT and CSO.HT as if they were byte
arrays.  However, the XOM and the array definition in OP refer to them
as halfword arrays.  Now, byte arrays will suffice for these two.

Can you explain why OP and OM use halfword arrays while BK and MI use byte
arrays?

Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 13,1984 13:03
For some inexplicable reason the individualized diskettes for the
Net-18 do not work. I did not test them all but the ones I did
were all bad.

So that corruption is minimized, please keep the diskette BOX off of and
near the double drives or the CRT. Also, if you need to recover files
from a disk that would not boot, there is a copy command described 
under the operarting system part of the manual.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 13,1984 13:19
Addition to Net-18 comment:

Take all diskettes out of the drives after shutting down for the day
and before starting up. The manual specifically states that drive
surges can destroy the data on a diskette.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 13,1984 15:38
TESTING HAS BEEN COMPLETED ON THE REVISED, REVISED AND THEN
RE-REVISED Betarelease 2.06

Unless their are any remaining SIGNIFICANT problems I will perform
the necessary chksums update the documents
and then release the Betarelease 2.06

If there is a problem speak now or forever hold your peace !!!!!


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 13,1984 17:20
I have sent Betarelease 2.06 to M/Lubina for final disposition... ah!! err
I mean distribution!!


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 13,1984 17:24
****IMPORTANT ****IMPORTANT ******
The lab room will be locked when not in use. One key and only one
key is available to both groups.

I will keep the key on a nail in my cubicle. If you need it you know
where it is. Any questions on this matter should be directed to Ishan Wu


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 13,1984 17:46
The lab room key will be placed and RETURNED TO the upper right section
of my desks' middle drawer.


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 19,1984 9:17
WHO HAS THE KEY TO THE LAB????????????


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 20,1984 13:34
Please read (GLEE)RELEAS.DOC and (GLEE)RELEAB.DOC for a proposed update of
release procedures (SOURCE and BETATEST, respectively).
Comments or questions are appreciated.
Geoff


From: GLEE
Date: JUNE 25,1984 10:38
I am freezing F34 in MIDBAK so that I can create 3.00.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JUNE 28,1984 14:05


From: LECHIE
Date: JULY 2,1984 16:20
the listing of 3.00 is in (MIDBAK)XCOM34.LST.

From: KOTULAK
Date: JULY 12,1984 13:53
Please remember to remove all diskettes  from the testers especially
the Net-18 before you power off or on. This is how diskette data gets 
screwed up!!!

From: GLEE
Date: JULY 18,1984 15:55
You are cordially invited to a meeting of the MID and MIQAT units to discuss
an assortment of policies concerning code changes, code releases, and
quality assurance procedures.  

10 am Thursday July 19 in the conference room.  The agenda is in (GLEE)
AGENDA.DOC.

Donuts?

Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: JULY 18,1984 17:26
Today was a good day!! for all of us thanks to the genius of yours truly
Starting with F36 code and very soon 2.02 and 3.00 thru their
patch files, you will be able to uniquely identify slot code with
symbol tables.

Using NAD directive CURGMT I have set up a symbol and storage variable
which will only match if the symbol table and slot code belong to one
another.

To verify a match check the value of symbol B.DAY and the storage
variable B.DAYS in the slot code.

A luncheon or feast prepared in my honor will be accepted most
gratuitously!!!!!!



From: GLEE
Date: JULY 19,1984 9:19
In appreciation of Frank's great genius (an inspiration to us all) there
will be a donut celebration today, 10 am, in the conference room.

There will also be a business meeting.

Be there or be square.

Geoff


From: KOTULAK
Date: JULY 19,1984 17:29
 have made a significant improvement to the PEAK id-tag macro
SC 4 and ask that you replace your macros with mine. My macro forces
he id-tag to at least column 66 on a line. Also you will notice
hat the macro does not use the variable identifier, rather it
laces my initials in the ID instead. If you use your initials in
lace of the variable identifier, then the ID will fit exactly on most lines
ie. no word wrap).

econdly, I developed another macro which uses ESC 5. This macro will
elete any preexisting ID on that line, if the id begins at column 66.
 sequence of ESC 5 followed by ESC 4 will delete old ID  - then insert
our ID on that line. You may copy that one also if you so desire.



From: KOTULAK
Date: JULY 19,1984 17:31
I have made a significant improvement to the PEAK id-tag macro
ESC 4 and ask that you replace your macros with mine. My macro forces
the id-tag to at least column 66 on a line. Also you will notice
that the macro does not use the variable identifier, rather it
places my initials in the ID instead. If you use your initials in
place of the variable identifier, then the ID will fit exactly on most lines
(ie. no word wrap).

Secondly, I developed another macro which uses ESC 5. This macro will
delete any preexisting ID on that line, if the id begins at column 66.
A sequence of ESC 5 followed by ESC 4 will delete old ID  - then insert
your ID on that line. You may copy that one also if you so desire.



From: KOTULAK
Date: JULY 19,1984 17:33
look at (kotulak:39)peak.ini the last few lines to see what I did
to improve the macro.


From: ISHANW
Date: JULY 23,1984 10:30
Just for your information.  

I copied all F36 files to (MIDBAK) over the week end and made 03.I01 and
03.R01.

It is just a field test version for TRANSPAC gateway, not for a beta release.

Files in NETMID are still F36.


From: KOTULAK
Date: JULY 31,1984 10:19
AM wah THIS am, NOT goah
WILL BE IN pm


From: ISHANW
Date: AUGUST 9,1984 16:14
Testing.


From: KOTULAK
Date: AUGUST 21,1984 11:52
the @us file has been updated in Netmid and Midbak to reflect the
changes to our group (ie. +J/liou -G/Lee). Please update your own
US files as appropriate.

I am also going to update the assign file to reflect the changes
I will notify you all when completed.


From: KOTULAK
Date: AUGUST 21,1984 12:10
ASSIGN has been updated please review and comment!!!


From: KOTULAK
Date: AUGUST 21,1984 14:42
100 hard sectored diskettes for the Net-18 have arrived
and are in the lab in blue Inmac boxes. Please open the boxes as the 
diskettes are used. Extra blanks should be placed in the plastic box
in the area labeled BLANKs

Thankyou


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 5,1984 16:05
I am beginning the preparation of Betarelease 3.01, I will be freezing the 
f36 code in 10 min. unless someone has a good objection!!!


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 5,1984 16:23
all f36 files have been moved to midbak. I will be changing all f36 files to 
f37 presently!!!


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 5,1984 16:47
modifying all f36 files to f37 in Netmid


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 5,1984 17:15
ALL SOURCE FILES NOW MODIFIED TO F37. WILL NOW MODIFY A,C, AND t FILES


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 5,1984 17:20
THE C,A,T FILES HAVE BEEN CHANGED,NOW C37 A37 AND T37.


From: ISHANW
Date: SEPTEMBER 10,1984 10:59
(NETMID)US, the distribution list in using SEND and MAIL program in
XCOM related matters, has been updated to include Dick Westgaard and
Steve Chen.  

If you have a personal copy of it, be sure to update it.



From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 10,1984 16:12
updatnfg @us file again for Anjou, so be prepared to update
your personal us's again!!


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 10,1984 20:29
US file in NETMID updated . please update your personal files


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 17,1984 16:07
UNIVERSAL SUGGESTION:
to make clear to the documentarian who it was that suggested changes to the
release document through the d file, I suggest we all use our ESC 4 keys to lalabel our comments (ie. time-date stamp with initials)


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 22,1984 10:20
IVE OR WEVE GOT PROBLEMS
I reduced channels and K significantly and the warning messages etc. went
away. However, the assembly of 3.01 code still gives me the 
Out of Range stuff on BB/4. I would like to discuss this with you
further...


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 24,1984 16:06
this problem was worse than i thought
the first test program which uses only 64 dports crapped out!!!!
Im going to wait until your done before I retest.



From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 25,1984 14:47
where are we Dennis??
Can I begin testing yet ????


From: DERNST
Date: SEPTEMBER 25,1984 14:51
STILL CHECKING WITH MY TEST CASES.


From: DERNST
Date: SEPTEMBER 25,1984 21:41
STARTING TO MAKE REST OF CHANGES TO MIDBAK


From: KOTULAK
Date: SEPTEMBER 27,1984 13:02
all programs have assembled AOK!!


From: LECHIE
Date: OCTOBER 3,1984 10:09
node 2153 is up on the bubbnet. slot 4 and 5 are consat-pad slots, will be used by Sue and Kenneth. slot 1,2, and 3 could be used by all of us.
before you take a slot, send a mail to us see if anyone in that slot.
after you done with a slot, do the same thing.
the procedure is the same as you editing a xcom file.
also the tymfile is (lechie:39)bb2153.tym. thanks.

From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 4,1984 18:38
In order to better facilitate the use of engine 2153,  Lechie Lin 
and  I are proposing that the file (NETMID:39)ASSIGN.153 be  used 
to schedule and deschedule the usage of the slots.

Here's how it would work,

If  a  slot is desired in 2153 then the file ASSIGN.153  will  be 
consulted   to  find  an  available  slot.   The  file  will   be 
appropriately updated with date, initials and expected usage.

When  finished  with  the slot,  ASSIGN.153 will  be  changed  to 
indicate the availability of the slot.

Unless  there are any problems with this idea,  we will put  this 
procedure in place immediately.

From: LECHIE
Date: OCTOBER 11,1984 14:22
It's a BOY!
He was born on (841009,1349), 7.10 Lb, 19.5 Inch and is marvellous.
Both mother and the baby are fine, and are sleeping.
Dad needs some sleeping too.

From: ANDRAKIN
Date: OCTOBER 15,1984 14:43
WHY IS A VAX-UNIX GUY ON A DEC 10?



From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 16,1984 13:04
am going to do a slight reconfiguring of Assign file to disburese
host and slot numbers of Ishan's


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 16,1984 14:50



Well  the  ASSIGN file modification became  far  more  extensive. 
PLEASE,  PLEASE,  PLEASE print out and/or review the "new" ASSIGN 
file. We received 30 new host numbers so I've reallocated ALL the 
hosts,  such that we all have 5 consecutive host numbers assigned 
to each of us. The changes most effect,

     DENNIS
     SUE
     KENNETH
     and me

Also,  please look at file HOST.FRE.  This file should be updated 
when an unassigned host is needed.  


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 16,1984 19:53
all f36 files should be in netmid

also im trying to clean up a little, are the files in midbak with o36
as an extension worth keeping?? If not ill delete them


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 17,1984 16:11
How's it goin?? Did you mraculously find anything??

Diane Warner's number is (717)870-0913.
If you could follow up with her you might suggest to her to check
the engine address stuff that you suggested to me.


From: DERNST
Date: OCTOBER 17,1984 16:53
FRANK, THE PHONE NUMBER YOU GAVE ME FOR DIANE WAS 717-870-0913.
ARE YOU SURE?


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 17,1984 16:59
so sorry!!!
upon a recheck its area code (713)870-0913


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 17,1984 17:35
can i set up bysynch in our lab
if so how do i do it

i tried connecting to an M line in 2150 and ended up crashing at bck015 
immediately. obviously im not connecting to the right board type??

see you tomorrow


From: TRUMAN
Date: OCTOBER 18,1984 10:19


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 18,1984 15:41
thankyou


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 18,1984 19:41
UPDATING ALL F36 FILES IN NETMID TO MIDBAK
DO NOT ALTER ANY NETMID F36 FILES TILL I M DONE


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 18,1984 19:50
NETMID F36 NOW CLEAR FOR UPDATES


From: KOTULAK
Date: OCTOBER 22,1984 11:48
There will be a re-presentation of G Lees training ivideo tape
tomorrow in Bldg D conference room at 2:00pm - 3:30 pm
Those that have not seen it are urged to attend.


From: SCHEN
Date: NOVEMBER 1,1984 16:01
edit (netmid)projec.doc


From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 1,1984 18:39
Sandy Mac says that NETVAL is now all set up to accept
our home host numbers of 2700 - 2730. Could you check this out
and get back to me with the results.



From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 2,1984 13:52
our HP field "experts" are generating dumps quicker than sh.. on 3.01.
They say il mem ref, your review of the dumps would be appreciated.
they are on ysys 37 in WRFS as CRASH4.dmp CRASH5.dmp


From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 2,1984 16:11
modifying assign.153 to use slot 1


From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 5,1984 10:07
Fridays problem should be very easy to set-up in the lab.
Since the problem occurs at circuit build time I dont need any
hosts(ie testers)

However, I do need to use home hosts with null passwords. Can you
set up this stuff for me threough netval for4 2700 - 2704.

At home now will be in presently.


From: KOTULAK
Date: NOVEMBER 6,1984 8:32
my home was burgled yesterday

I will be in today about noon, if there are any requests for me
please explain or have them calkl my home (415)794-8309


From: LAURAV
Date: NOVEMBER 12,1984 8:41
ANYONE WHO IS INTERESTED IN ATTENDING TYMNET'S X.25 PROTOCOL COURSE (#225),
1/14 - 1/18, SHOULD SEND AN ONTYME TO:  TYM.TTE WITH THE FOLLOWING INFO:
NAME, ADDRESS, PHONE NUMBER, MANAGERS NAME, MANAGERS PHONE NUMBER, AND THE
COURSE NUMBER.


From: SCHEN
Date: DECEMBER 14,1984 10:26
freeze on fieldtest F36 files due to upcoming source release

From: KOTULAK
Date: DECEMBER 26,1984 18:13
DENNIS,

after a doublecheck on that NOP of RBT under MMI.20 I found it is
the non-RBT of W.ITP NOT D.ITP. Also, the logic of MMI.20 and ICOB04
definitely appears to allow W.ITP not to get Reset when that patch is in
place, which is if I remember
the timer responsible for the STP etc. messages. Lastly, look at the 
DPORT create logic under MMI.20, the logic is based on bit array
positioning not on any tables, such as ID or DI.MT. Please
verify my conclusions. I believe the culprit could be that
McKiernan patch!!! 
 K@,